Alright, here's what you just learned.
Explain how the default partitioner routes messages with and without keys.
Describe the ordering guarantee scope in Kafka.
Identify and mitigate hot partition issues.
Stick with me here.
This is the part where real understanding happens.
Don't just watch and forget.
Go practice.
Build it in code.
Explain it to someone.
That's how it sticks.
The complete Apache Kafka course with cheatsheets and mock interviews is at guru-sishya.in slash apache-kafka.
Drop a like if this helped.
You now know how to explain how the default partitioner routes messages with and without keys, describe the ordering guarantee scope in kafka, and explain the trade-offs in an interview.
Ab interview mein dhoom machao!